= Redmine GitLab Hook

This plugin allows you to update your local Git repositories in Redmine when changes have been pushed to GitLab.

== Description

Redmine http://redmine.org has supported Git repositories for a long time, allowing you to browse your code and view your changesets directly in Redmine. For this purpose, Redmine relies on local clones of the Git repositories.

If your shared repository is on a remote machine - for example on GitLab - this unfortunately means a bit of legwork to keep the local, Redmine-accessible repository up-to-date. The common approach is to set up a cronjob that pulls in any changes with regular intervals and updates Redmine with them.

That approach works perfectly fine, but is a bit heavy-handed and cumbersome. The Redmine GitLab Hook plugin allows GitLab to notify your Redmine installation when changes have been pushed to a repository, triggering an update of your local repository and Redmine data only when it is actually necessary.


== Installation

1. Installing the plugin
   1. Follow the plugin installation procedure at http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins.
   2. Restart your Redmine.
   3. If you already have a local Git repository set up and working from Redmine go to step 3, otherwise continue at step 2.

2. Adding a Git repository to a project (note, this should work whether you want to use Redmine GitLab Hook or not). Simply follow the instructions at http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/HowTo_keep_in_sync_your_git_repository_for_redmine . If the repository was cloned with "clone --mirror" please turn on the option "all_branches" in the plugin config page!

3. Enable WS for repository management
   1. Go to Administration -> Settings -> Repositories 
   2. Enable "Enable WS for repository management"
   3. Create a key by clicking on "Generate a key"

4. Restart Redmine

5. GitLab
   1. Go to the repository interface on GitLab.
   2. Under "Web Hooks" add a new "Post-Receive URL" of the format: 
      * [redmine_installation_url]/gitlab_hook?project_id=[identifier]&key=[redmine_repository_API_key]"
      * project_id = Redmine project identifier
      * key = Redmine repository API key

   Example:

   https://redmine.example.com/gitlab_hook?project_id=test_project&key=j2g7kds9341hj6sdk

   That's it. GitLab will now send a HTTP POST to the Redmine GitLab Hook plugin whenever changes are pushed to GitLab. The plugin then takes care of pulling the changes to the local repository and updating the Redmine database with them.

== Assumptions

* GitLab >= 5.x
* Redmine 2.x running on a *nix-like system. Older versions of redmine will not work.
* Git 1.7.10 or higher available on the commandline. Also supports Git 1.8 repositories which are mirrored with the new "clone --mirror" command (default: off, please turn on in options when new mirror command was used).
